Insurance pools of closed / settled markets to go to on - chain treasury (#2065)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0002-STTL-settlement.md

1. Any remaining balances in parties' margin and LP bond accounts are moved to their general account.
1. The margin accounts and LP bond accounts for these markets are no longer required.
1. Positions can be left as open, or set to zero (this isn't important for the protocol but should be made clear on the API either way).

> 1. The market's insurance pool is [redistributed](./0015-INSR-market_insurance_pool_collateral.md) into the global insurance pool using the same settlement asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The market's [insurance pool balance is transferred](./0015-INSR-market_insurance_pool_collateral.md) into the global insurance pool using the same settlement asset.
```

1. Any remaining balances in parties' margin and LP bond accounts are moved to their general account.
1. The margin accounts and LP bond accounts for these markets are no longer required.
1. Positions can be left as open, or set to zero (this isn't important for the protocol but should be made clear on the API either way).

> 1. The market's insurance pool is [redistributed](./0015-INSR-market_insurance_pool_collateral.md) into the global insurance pool using the same settlement asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The [market's insurance pool](./0015-INSR-market_insurance_pool_collateral.md) balance is transferred into the global insurance pool using the same settlement asset.
```

1. Any remaining balances in parties' margin and LP bond accounts are moved to their general account.
1. The margin accounts and LP bond accounts for these markets are no longer required.
1. Positions can be left as open, or set to zero (this isn't important for the protocol but should be made clear on the API either way).

> 1. The market's insurance pool is [redistributed](./0015-INSR-market_insurance_pool_collateral.md) into the global insurance pool using the same settlement asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The [market's insurance pool](./0015-INSR-market_insurance_pool_collateral.md) balance is transferred into the global insurance pool using the same settlement asset.
```
